# How a user is processing orders
Orders are sent from retailers (B2B) or consumer (C2B) by email, fax, telephone or an external e-commerce system. The user should be therefore able to create an order by hand (use case "import order"). Some positions of the orders can't be processed due to e.g. unavailability. Therefore the user checks the order positions and confirmes the positions, that are available (use case confirm order). The document "order agreement" is a legal obligation to deliver and is sent to the customer. It has the character of an purchase agreement according german law (HGB)[https://dejure.org/gesetze/BGB/433.html]. Anyhow, the main purpose of order-processor is to ease the delivery work (e.g. package packing) of the user by providing the information which products in which quantities have to be delivered to which customer (use case deliver). In the moment the delivery suceeded, the user has fulfilled its obligation. The user creates invoices usually by external accounting systems, that are also defining the terms of payment.

## Use case "import order"
Order positions refer to products with an SKU-number and to unique products that are not listed in any catalog. The user should be able to handle also products, that are not listed anywhere. For products that are in a catalog (e.g. magento), the SKU number with its name should be suggested. The products are saved in an external product catalog.

## Use case "deliver"
The delivery is physically packing packets and sending them via a parcel service like UPS, DHL etc. The receiver of the packet controls the completness of the packet and to which order agreement it belongs to. Therefore the packer puts in each packet a "delivery notes" that reflects the content (package no. delivery-notes-no., products, quantity) of the packet. 
The ordered quantity of a product can exceed the available quantity in the warehouse. In this case the user delivers the quantity that is available and procures additional goods in order to fulfil the order agreement in later deliveries. The stock of available goods are handled by external systems. As consequence a delivery note can contain positions from multiple order agreements from different delivery dates. The invoice is sent either in one of the package of a delivery, or seperately. The invoicing with its payment conditions and policies are handled by external system as well.

### User should not be able to deliver goods from other order agreements (in some circumstances)
In larger distribution companies (Wall mart, Ikea, Toys'a'rus) it is common, that the supply of goods is negotiated and put in place in form of a supply-chain-contract. Goal of such an contract is to guarantee a defined delivery to a negotiated delivery date and to let the user pay contract penalty if he misses to fulfill the delivery. The expected delivery date is negotiated and becomes part of the order agreement as well as the delivery address, that may differ even the customer is the same. Therefore the user should not be able to deliver goods from order agreements that differ in their negotiated delivery dates or delivery address. Furthermore the user should be able to resolve contradicting delivery dates and addresses after the order agreement have been created.

### User should be able to add additional products to delivery note that is not listed in an order agreement
In case of claims or discount the user should be able to add goods to a package/delivery note that are not placed in the order agreement.

### User should be able to add shipping costs when creating delivery notes
Usually, shipping costs are part of the purchase agreement. When they are not, the user sums the amount of the goods and decides if he adds shipping costs or not.
